[CloudPC]Add partner agent installation status and graph api for retry partner agent (#18829)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/cloudpcpartneragentinstallresult.md

---
title: "cloudPcPartnerAgentInstallResult resource type"

> description: "Describe installation result details for a partner agent on a Cloud PC."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Provides installation results for a partner agent on a Cloud PC."
```

author: "JannyMa"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "cloud-pc"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# cloudPcPartnerAgentInstallResult resource type

> Namespace: microsoft.graph

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Namespace: microsoft.graph
```

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Describe installation result details for a partner agent on a Cloud PC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provides installation results for a partner agent on a Cloud PC.
```

> Describe the detail of one partner agent installation result on a cloud pc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Describe installation result details for a partner agent on a Cloud PC.
```

## Properties

|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |partnerAgentName|[cloudPcPartnerAgentName](#cloudpcpartneragentname-values)|Indicates the name of a partner agent, right now it's just Citrix, which is third-party. And it includes first-party and third-party. Read-Only.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|partnerAgentName|[cloudPcPartnerAgentName](#cloudpcpartneragentname-values)|Indicates the name of a partner agent and includes first-party and third-party. Currently, Citrix is the only third-party value. Read-Only.|
```

> |installStatus|[cloudPcPartnerAgentInstallStatus](#cloudpcpartneragentinstallstatus-values)|Indicates the status of a partner agent installation, possible value are: installed, installFailed, installing, uninstalling, uninstallFailed, licensed. Read-Only.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|installStatus|[cloudPcPartnerAgentInstallStatus](#cloudpcpartneragentinstallstatus-values)|Indicates the status of a partner agent installation. Possible values are: installed, installFailed, installing, uninstalling, uninstallFailed, and licensed. Read-Only.|
```

> |isThirdPartyPartner|Boolean|Indicates if the partner agent is third-party. When 'TRUE', the agent is a third-party (non-Microsoft) agent.  When 'FALSE', the agent is a Microsoft agent or is not known.  Default value is 'FALSE'.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|isThirdPartyPartner|Boolean|Indicates if the partner agent is a third party. When 'TRUE', the agent is a third-party (non-Microsoft) agent. When 'FALSE', the agent is a Microsoft agent or is not known. The default value is 'FALSE'.|
```

> |retriable|Boolean|Indicates whether the partner agent installation should be retried. If the installStatus is 'installFailed' or 'licensed' then 'TRUE' indicates the installation should be retried.  If the installStatus is neither 'installFailed'nor 'licensed' then the installation will not be retried if the value is 'FALSE'. Default value is 'FALSE'.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|retriable|Boolean|Indicates if the partner agent is a third party. When 'TRUE', the agent is a third-party (non-Microsoft) agent. When 'FALSE', the agent is a Microsoft agent or is not known. The default value is 'FALSE'.|
```

### cloudPcPartnerAgentName values

|Member|Description|
|:---|:---|

> |citrix|Indicates that a third-party-partner named Citrix.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|citrix|Indicates a third-party-partner named Citrix.|
```

|unknownFutureValue|Evolvable enumeration sentinel value. Do not use.|

#### cloudPcPartnerAgentInstallStatus values

|Member|Description|
|:---|:---|

> |installed|Indicates the partner agent has been installed.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|installed|The partner agent has been installed.|
```

> |installFailed|Indicates the partner agent installation failed although the license has been assigned.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|installFailed|Indicates the partner agent installation failed, although a license was assigned.
```

> |installing|Indicates the partner agent is installing.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|installing|The partner agent is installing.|
```

> |uninstalling|Indicates that the partner agent will automatically be removed.  This occurs when there is no third-party-partner license but the third-party-partner agent was previously installed.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|uninstalling|The partner agent will automatically be removed.  This occurs when there is no third-party-partner license but the third-party-partner agent was previously installed.|
```

> |uninstallFailed|Indicates the partner agent uninstallation failed although the license has already unassigned.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|uninstallFailed|Indicates the partner agent uninstallation failed, although a license was already unassigned.|
```

> |licensed|Indicates the partner license was assigned to this Cloud PC, but the third-party-partner agent is not installed yet.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|licensed|The partner license was assigned to this Cloud PC, but the third-party partner agent is not yet installed.|
```

> |unknownFutureValue|volvable enumeration sentinel value. Do not use.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|unknownFutureValue|Evolvable enumeration sentinel value. Do not use.|
```
